C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.deps.json
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.dll
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\my-profile.dll
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\my-profile.pdb
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.dll
C:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.deps.json
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.dll
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\my-profile.dll
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\my-profile.pdb
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.dll
c:\Users\CGI\Stackroute\RabbitMQ\MyProfile_BackEnd -Mongo\My-Profile.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\My-Profile.Tests.pdb
